Fix notebooks and README (#2)
pasqal-io/pulser-diff: README.md

# PulserDiff

`PulserDiff` is a differentiable backend for pulse-level quantum simulation framework [Pulser](https://github.com/pasqal-io/Pulser).

> It aims to provide completely differentiable quantum states/expectations through use of automatic differentiation capabilities of underlying [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/) package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It aims at providing completely differentiable quantum states or expectation values through use of automatic differentiation capabilities of underlying [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/) package.
```
